In the name of the moon, I’ll punish you!
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Everyone! Do you know Pretty Soldier Sailor Moon?
Of course you know it, right?
Right?
Man, I really like the original saga, but...
...Sailor Moon Super...
...And Sailor Moon SuperS...
...Well, I like the series in its entirety...!!
But within the series...
...I like Chibiusa-chan, Pegaso, Hotaru-chan!!
I like the relationship they have...
Man, Chibiusa’s pure heart... her heart of a young woman... right?
I like her and she's so adorable
And also...
In Sailor Moon S, there appears warriors outside of the Solar System...
...Hotaru-chan appears...
And in SuperS, well, Chibiusa and Pegasus are part of the main story
And they're also appears the enemies of the Circus!
Man, really...!!
...I love Sailor Moon!
Having said that, today...
... I intend to do a pilgrimage of Sailor Moon!
In this case, let's start at once!
First off, let's start here, Ja jhaaaan!
The Hikawa temple!!
The Hikawa Temple appears within the story, right?
This is the temple where Hino Rei, who transforms into Sailor Mars, works as a priestess!
I’d also want to be purified...
Man...
Well, at first glance, Rei-chan doesn't appear very sociable, but...
...She’s like an older sister who worries a lot about others...
...And well, it's like she’d definitely scold you for doing something you shouldn't have
Scold me
In the name of Mars, I'll punish you!
Continuing on, the next place!
"Arisugawanomiyakinen Park"
This part was taking as reference for the place where Usagi-chan and Mamoru-san had a date, right?
Man... Usagi-chan really loves Mamoru-san! Right?
I also, at least once...
No, well, I think that would ruin the appearance of their world, but...
… At least once, I’d like to turn into Mamoru and...
… Receive a hug from Usagi-chan and Chibiusa-chan... a hug...
"Moon Prism power! Make Up!"
The next place will be this!
Dooon!
"The Kimi-chan statue"!
It's that little one that you can see in the background, right?
Next to that statue was where Mizuno Ami-chan, who transforms Sailor Mercury...
...She asked for advice to Mamoru-san, who was transformed into Tuxedo Mask, right?
Ami-chan is...!
Man...
...Be my private teacher...
...Please
"Douse yourself in water and repent!"
The next place will be this!
Ey!
"The shop that specializes in kaleidoscopes, Kaleidoscope Mukashi-kan"
This was the store that was taken as reference where Mamoru-san bought a gift for Usagi-chan and Chibiusa-chan!
"In the name of the future Moon, I'll punish you!"
I'm still not finished!
Jan!
"Katsura Yumi Bridal House"!
This is the store that was taken as reference to make the scene where Sailor Jupiter, Kino Makoto-chan, make their appearance!
Mako-chan is... well...!
A girl that the other girls would fall in love with?
But, she has a feminine side...
She’s adorable ♡
“I'll make you feel so much regret, it’ll leave you numb!"
The last place that we shouldn't forget is this!
"Game Center Crown"
This is the place that was used as reference!
This is the place that was used as reference where Usagi and the rest tended to hang out! Right?
Man, I’d also like...
...To play with them in a game... a fighting game...
Orya, orya, orya!
Something like that
It wouldn't matter to me if I’d wind up getting crushed
They'd let me easily win
Yes
"The divine punishment of love will fall onto you!"
What do you think?
Was I able to transmit the love I feel for Sailor Moon?
I’ll live doing what I like!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex